hi welcome to another installment
performs TV I've had a lot of people ask
me about how I take pictures of plants
and such like that so I figured I'd do
that for you really quick what I got
right now is I got a backdrop right here
I made it out of a little piece of board
and and a staple black felt on it black
felt actually disperses the lights a
little bit as long as you don't go right
alongside it so that's how I normally do
that for a backdrop and such right now
we have a plan it's Mary Mary X and
bloom I'm actually taking pictures for
the group right now so you guys can
actually see how I do this what I
usually do is I've got a little Kodak
EasyShare 7:53 it's a Southern megapixel
and it's not really that good but it's
not that bad either you just have to
learn how to play with the camera
whenever you play with the digital
camera you have to know what the light
settings are you have to kind of read
the manual see what you can do with it
if you just put in an autofocus you'll
never get the oranges or the Reds or
anything else to that expect what I try
to do is that I try to put it number one
on the flower picture or on the clothes
setting on the digital camera and then I
take the picture of it like so what
you'll notice is is I did not use a
flush I never use a flash I use the
normal lighting or such like that other
sources of lighting that I have used is
my trusty little fluorescent lamp and I
also have a mechanical trouble like
that's a tungsten carbide so what you
want to do is is try to get a couple
pictures doing it the same way try to
get it in different shots digital
cameras you can always use all sorts of
time as long as you have a good enough
memory card the other thing you want to
do is like I said you want to take a
look at the settings on the camera for
example on the light setting they have
like on this one you have an auto add a
light tungsten fluorescent or open shade
now since I'm using a tungsten lamp I
usually use the tungsten setting but I
also offset it with the fluorescent
lighting sometimes it works sometimes it
doesn't you just have to play with it
just a little bit
so what I'll do is I'll turn this on and
this on and hold it right above the
flower and show you how I do this
and that actually makes for a very good
picture you can't see it on the
viewfinder but it actually makes for a
very very good picture the other thing
you want to do too is change your
setting around make sure that you can
get the flower in the entire shot I try
not to get any of the background if I
can sometimes it's unavoidable but you
know what for a good flower picture you
can always take it out with you know
photo programs or anything else like
that so let's try this again oh that's a
beautiful shot get another one here and
also you can try it with just the
tungsten light and you can also try to
adjust the fluorescent light of course I
didn't have the fluorescent light on at
that point so let's try this
what you want to realize is you want to
play around with it just a little bit
and such like that learn your camera
settings don't be afraid to take over 50
60 pictures of one flower you're never
going to know if you got it right until
you take all of those pictures you can
always delete pictures but you can never
take the ones that you missed
this is Chrismukkah forms I hope you
guys enjoyed this little quick tutorial
I'm sure there's other videos out there
they'll show you how to take better
pictures than I do but this is just a
quick start just to get you started on
it and you know like I said all you have
to do is just learn your camera play
around with it get a bigger memory card
and just go with it usually all the
flower pictures you guys see me post I'm
usually doing about 50 to 60 shots per
flower and now
you